---
layout: post
title: another test blog post
short: yet again, i'm trying out a blog post trick
---

##This is a h2 header

###I’m a happy camper. I just moved into a new office space that’s directly suited to the way I work, think, and create.

####This is a h4 header

#####This is a h5 header right here…

Months ago, I wrote about improving the working environment inside my desktop, and with the move I sought to extend that process to my physical workspace. The plan was to fashion a space that makes my work more active—not simply in regard to my physical well-being, but to lend substance and action to my often intangible work.

Workshops appeal to me. The tools you use aren’t lined up neatly in a dock. Bandsaws, welding stations and workbenches all have their own spaces and  environments conducive to the work at hand. The workbench, with its fairly comfortable stools and extra space, is for tinkering. It says, “Hang out here. Take your time. Do the work right and enjoy it.” The bandsaw across the room is plastered with warning labels, and the loud hum proclaims, “Hey! I’m a f#©kin’ saw, I’m dangerous as hell! Don’t get comfortable with me. Focus.”

>This is how a standard blockquote looks

I like the idea of defining certain spaces or postures for specific activities. The sit and click posture taxes my cognitive and creative faculties after too long. It’s hard for my brain to move from reading to writing, designing, troubleshooting, etc., when my body remains stationary. 

<blockquote class="alt">
	<p>This is how an alternative blockquote looks.</p>
</blockquote>

I need to move. Breaking up the workday by visiting different spaces in the office at different times not only keeps me fresh, it allows me to establish habit fields around certain types of activities. Here are some of the stations I’m working with now: